[Music]
this is the Style Wars feeling about
rebels on the Rhine
one of the things that struck me was
that this film had to be natural I had
to be about characters putting their
feet on natural surfaces so I just felt
like everything had to be coming from
the right place
whether it be where the camera was
placed whether it be where the lighting
was coming from it all had to feel
legitimate
Redbird is tremendous artist he has a
fantastic style and visually builds from
character and story
I think the beauty of Star Wars is that
you don't want to try too hard the
simple strong looks always work better
we start in a world that is quite dark
this feel brightens as the film goes not
so to the creatures aliens even the type
of Joy's that avoid I definitely have
the best clothes I think from the caves
to the booths to the style everything's
really cool this particular film has
been the most costumes we have ever
produced for a Star Wars film we've made
over a thousand costumes for this you
look phenomenal well any I was gonna see
you this is beautiful
this is such an incredible piece of work
[Applause]
[Music]